Update Getting started topics for style, syntax, layout, spacing (#5909)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/getting-started/opentelemetry-to-lgtm-stack.md

## Before you begin

* Ensure that you have basic familiarity with instrumenting applications with OpenTelemetry.
* Have a set of OpenTelemetry applications ready to push telemetry data to {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}}.
* Identify where {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} will write received telemetry data.
* Be familiar with the concept of [Components][] in {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}}.
* Complete the [Collect open telemetry data][] getting started guide. You will pick up from where that guide ended.

## The pipeline

> You can start with the {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} configuration you created in the previous Getting Started guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can start with the {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} configuration you created in the [OpenTelemetry to Grafana stack][] Getting Started guide.
```
I think this should be a link to the guide that we are referring to.

Author: This should probably be `[Collect open telemetry data][]` instead :-)

Fixed in the next commit.
